# EVerest TSC Meeting - [30th Nov 2021]

# Attendance

## Voting Members

- [ ] Marco Möller
- [ ] Cornelius Claussen

## Other Attendees

- John Mertic

# Agenda

- Welcome/Introductions
- Discuss the role of the TSC
- Elect TSC Chairperson
- Review [project intake progress](../README.md#project-intake-checklist)
- Approved [Charter](https://github.com/EVerest/everest/blob/main/tsc/CHARTER.md)
- Determine TSC meeting cadence and schedule future meetings

# Action Items

# Notes


- Elect TSC Chairperson ==> Marco Möller got elected
- Approved [Charter](https://github.com/EVerest/everest/blob/main/tsc/CHARTER.md)
- next TSC on 26th of Jan 2022 - 1700-1800 CET, then monthly via Google Meet, invite is in the list.
- UPDATE: changed to 27th of Jan 2022 - 1700-1800 CET!!!!
- Code scan completed ==> on TODO list from John
- 14th Dez, we will do a TAC presentation about that we achived Incubation stage - 5 minutes plus questions
- TODO: short dec, outline acceptance criteria of incubation stage and that all of it is done, where are we, and what happens next
- Badge done: https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/projects/5386#quality
- open: how to transfer everest project over to LFE ?
    - https://jira.linuxfoundation.org/plugins/servlet/theme/portal/2/create/63
- open: how to transfer everest trademark (in Germany) over to LFE ?
    - TODO John, lets find out how to do this
- delayed
    - [ ] Add project to [LFX Insights](https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/) ( create [service desk request] to trigger )
    - [ ] Add project to [LFX Security](https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/) ( create [service desk request] to trigger )
    - [ ] Domain name ( create [service desk request] to create/transfer )
    - [ ] Transfer Social media accounts ( create [service desk request] to setup/transfer - if needed )
    - Logo will be transfered soon
    - [ ] Project added to LF Energy properties
    - [ ] Website ( https://lfenergy.org/projects )
    - [ ] LF Energy landscape ( https://l.lfenergy.org )
